README.md, before:

# AIWrapper
A universal AI wrapper for JavaScript & TypeScript.

Generate text, images, and voice from anywhere—servers, browsers and apps. AIWrapper works in anything that runs JavaScript.

## Features
- Generate text, images, and voice with a simple API
- Easily calculate cost of usage
- Output objects based on needed schemas from LLMs
- Swap models quickly or chain different models together
- Use it with JavaScript or TypeScript from anywhere

## Installation
Install with npm or import in Deno by URL.

### NPM
```bash
npm install aiwrapper
```

### Deno
```typescript
import * as aiwrapper from "https://deno.land/x/aiwrapper/mod.ts";
```

## Quick Start

### Generate Text
```javascript
import { Lang } from "aiwrapper";

const lang = Lang.openai({ apiKey: "YOUR KEY" });
const result = await lang.ask("Say hi!");
console.log(result);
```

### Generate Image (Conming Soon)
```javascript
import { Img } from "aiwrapper";

const img = Img.openai({ apiKey: "YOUR KEY" });
const image = await img.ask('A portrait of a cute cat');

console.log(image);
```

### Generate Voice (Conming Soon)
```javascript
import { Speech } from "aiwrapper";

const speech = Speech.elevenlabs({ apiKey: "YOUR KEY" });
const audio = speech.ask('Hello, world!');

console.log(audio.length);
```

## Lang (LLM) Examples

### Initialize a Model
```javascript
import { Lang } from "aiwrapper";

const lang = Lang.openai({ apiKey: "YOUR KEY" }); // or Lang.anthropic
```

### Stream Results
```javascript
await lang.ask('Hello, AI!', streamingResult => {vs
  console.log(streamingResult.answer);
});
```

### Use Templates
```javascript
// In most cases - a prompt template should be just a function that returns a string
function getPrompt(product) {
  return `You are a naming consultant for new companies. What is a good name for a company that makes ${product}?     
Write just the name. Nothing else aside from the name - no extra comments or characters that are not part of the name.`;
}

const prompt = getPrompt("colorful socks");

await lang.ask(prompt, streamingResult => { 
  console.log(streamingResult.answer);
});
```

### Getting Objects from LLMs
```javascript
async function askForCompanyNames() {
  // We can ask for an object with a particular schema. In that case - an array with company names as strings.
  
  const product = "colorful socks";
  const numberOfNames = 3;
  
  const result = await lang.askForObject({
    instructions: [
      `You are a naming consultant for new companies. What is a good name for a company that makes ${product}?`,
      `Return ${numberOfNames} names.`
    ],
    objectExamples: [
      ["Name A", "Name B", "Name C"]
    ]
  }, streamingResult => { 
    console.log(streamingResult.answer);
  });
  
  return result.answerObj;
}

const names = await askForCompanyNames();
```

### Chaining Prompts
```javascript
async function askForStoriesBehindTheNames() {
  // We can use an answer in other prompts. Here we ask to come up with stores for all of the names we've got.
  const names = await askForCompanyNames();
  const stories = [];

  for (const name of names) {
    const story = await lang.askForObject({
      instructions: [
        `You are a professional writer and a storiteller.`,
        `Look at the name "${name}" carefully and reason step-by-step about the meaning of the name and what is the potential story behing it.`,
        `Write a short story. Don't include any comments or characters that are not part of the story.`,
      ],
      objectExamples: [
        {
          "name": "Name A",
          "reasoning": "Reasoning about Name A",
          "story": "Story about Name A"
        }
      ]
    }, streamingResult => { 
      console.log(streamingResult.answer);
    });

    stories.push(story);
  }

  return stories;
}

const namesWithStories = await askForStoriesBehindTheNames();
```

### Getting Complex Objects
```javascript
// When you work with complex objects it's better to define them as classes or types.
class Task {
  constructor(name, description, tasks) {
    this.name = name;
    this.description = description;
    this.tasks = tasks;
  }
}

async function getTask() {
  // In this case we represent the schema. You may also treat it 
  // as a few shot example.
  const exampleTask = new Task("Root Task", "This is the task that has subtasks", [
    new Task("Task A1", "This is task A1", []),
    new Task("Task A2", "This is task A2", []),
  ]);

  const taskPrompt = {
    instructions: [
      "Reflect on the objective and tasks (from the Objective section) step by step. Ensure that you understand them; identify any ambiguities or gaps in information. The Context section offers relevant information. Feel free to add critique or insights about the objective.",
      "Create a tree of tasks. If the task is complex, break it down into subtasks, following the KISS principle. Each task should have a clear, actionable title, and a reasoning. If there are ambiguities or gaps in information, start by posing follow-up questions.",
    ],
    outputExamples: [
      exampleTask,
    ],
    content: {
      "Objective":
        "Make me $1 000 000 in 3 years. I have $10000 to spare and can live without income for 18 months. I only want to do it by starting a business. Be my CEO.",
      "Context": "I'm a software developer and a digital nomad",
    },
  };

  const result = await lang.askForObject(taskPrompt, res => { 
    console.log(res.answer);
  });

  
  return result.answerObject
}

const task = await getTask();
```

### Calculating Cost
```javascript
// We can get the cost of using models from result.totalCost
const result = await lang.ask('Say a nice hello in about 200 characters');
console.log(result.totalCost);
```

Commit message:

Disable BPE encoder temporarily as it's too slow and return a naive amount of tokens in a mock array Add "gpt-4-1106-preview" model

README.md, after:

# AIWrapper
A universal AI wrapper for JavaScript & TypeScript.

Generate text, images, and voice from anywhere—servers, browsers and apps. AIWrapper works in anything that runs JavaScript.

> :warning: **It's in early WIP stage and the API may change.**


## Features
- Generate text, images, and voice with a simple API
- Easily calculate cost of usage
- Output objects based on needed schemas from LLMs
- Swap models quickly or chain different models together
- Use it with JavaScript or TypeScript from anywhere

## Installation
Install with npm or import in Deno by URL.

### NPM
```bash
npm install aiwrapper
```

### Deno
```typescript
import * as aiwrapper from "https://deno.land/x/aiwrapper/mod.ts";
```

## Quick Start

### Generate Text
```javascript
import { Lang } from "aiwrapper";

const lang = Lang.openai({ apiKey: "YOUR KEY" });
const result = await lang.ask("Say hi!");
console.log(result);
```

### Generate Image (Conming Soon)
```javascript
import { Img } from "aiwrapper";

const img = Img.openai({ apiKey: "YOUR KEY" });
const image = await img.ask('A portrait of a cute cat');

console.log(image);
```

### Generate Voice (Conming Soon)
```javascript
import { Speech } from "aiwrapper";

const speech = Speech.elevenlabs({ apiKey: "YOUR KEY" });
const audio = speech.ask('Hello, world!');

console.log(audio.length);
```

## Lang (LLM) Examples

### Initialize a Model
```javascript
import { Lang } from "aiwrapper";

const lang = Lang.openai({ apiKey: "YOUR KEY" }); // or Lang.anthropic
```

### Stream Results
```javascript
await lang.ask('Hello, AI!', streamingResult => {vs
  console.log(streamingResult.answer);
});
```

### Use Templates
```javascript
// In most cases - a prompt template should be just a function that returns a string
function getPrompt(product) {
  return `You are a naming consultant for new companies. What is a good name for a company that makes ${product}?     
Write just the name. Nothing else aside from the name - no extra comments or characters that are not part of the name.`;
}

const prompt = getPrompt("colorful socks");

await lang.ask(prompt, streamingResult => { 
  console.log(streamingResult.answer);
});
```

### Getting Objects from LLMs
```javascript
async function askForCompanyNames() {
  // We can ask for an object with a particular schema. In that case - an array with company names as strings.
  
  const product = "colorful socks";
  const numberOfNames = 3;
  
  const result = await lang.askForObject({
    instructions: [
      `You are a naming consultant for new companies. What is a good name for a company that makes ${product}?`,
      `Return ${numberOfNames} names.`
    ],
    objectExamples: [
      ["Name A", "Name B", "Name C"]
    ]
  }, streamingResult => { 
    console.log(streamingResult.answer);
  });
  
  return result.answerObj;
}

const names = await askForCompanyNames();
```

### Chaining Prompts
```javascript
async function askForStoriesBehindTheNames() {
  // We can use an answer in other prompts. Here we ask to come up with stores for all of the names we've got.
  const names = await askForCompanyNames();
  const stories = [];

  for (const name of names) {
    const story = await lang.askForObject({
      instructions: [
        `You are a professional writer and a storiteller.`,
        `Look at the name "${name}" carefully and reason step-by-step about the meaning of the name and what is the potential story behing it.`,
        `Write a short story. Don't include any comments or characters that are not part of the story.`,
      ],
      objectExamples: [
        {
          "name": "Name A",
          "reasoning": "Reasoning about Name A",
          "story": "Story about Name A"
        }
      ]
    }, streamingResult => { 
      console.log(streamingResult.answer);
    });

    stories.push(story);
  }

  return stories;
}

const namesWithStories = await askForStoriesBehindTheNames();
```

### Getting Complex Objects
```javascript
// When you work with complex objects it's better to define them as classes or types.
class Task {
  constructor(name, description, tasks) {
    this.name = name;
    this.description = description;
    this.tasks = tasks;
  }
}

async function getTask() {
  // In this case we represent the schema. You may also treat it 
  // as a few shot example.
  const exampleTask = new Task("Root Task", "This is the task that has subtasks", [
    new Task("Task A1", "This is task A1", []),
    new Task("Task A2", "This is task A2", []),
  ]);

  const taskPrompt = {
    instructions: [
      "Reflect on the objective and tasks (from the Objective section) step by step. Ensure that you understand them; identify any ambiguities or gaps in information. The Context section offers relevant information. Feel free to add critique or insights about the objective.",
      "Create a tree of tasks. If the task is complex, break it down into subtasks, following the KISS principle. Each task should have a clear, actionable title, and a reasoning. If there are ambiguities or gaps in information, start by posing follow-up questions.",
    ],
    outputExamples: [
      exampleTask,
    ],
    content: {
      "Objective":
        "Make me $1 000 000 in 3 years. I have $10000 to spare and can live without income for 18 months. I only want to do it by starting a business. Be my CEO.",
      "Context": "I'm a software developer and a digital nomad",
    },
  };

  const result = await lang.askForObject(taskPrompt, res => { 
    console.log(res.answer);
  });

  
  return result.answerObject
}

const task = await getTask();
```

### Calculating Cost
```javascript
// We can get the cost of using models from result.totalCost
const result = await lang.ask('Say a nice hello in about 200 characters');
console.log(result.totalCost);
```
